## Example Get Token Node App
The purpose of this application is to return a single use token as generated by the UneeQ API server, using a private 
token which is secret to this application. By generating tokens in this way, customer secrets can be kept securely
within this application and not exposed via an HTML front end application.

#### Dependencies
- Node version 8 or higher
- NPM version 6 or higher

#### Running Locally
`npm i` to install dependencies from package.json.
<br/>
`npm start` to run the application locally which will expose the application on http://localhost:3000
<br/><br/>
Environment variables are configurable via `.env` and will be provided to you.
- `UNEEQ_URI` The UneeQ server you will retrieve the token from.
- `UNEEQ_SECRET` The UneeQ secret used to secure the token request.
- `UNEEQ_WORKSPACE` The conversation workspace you want to generate a token for. A token will only be able to start a 
session for the conversation workspace if you generated the token using the same workspace id. The workspace
conversation follows GUID format (e.g. 5d4f1723-4f23-4086-bf91-00b1e58da7f8).

Once the application is running you can request a token by performing a GET request to http://localhost:3000/token
To test the application is running you can perform a GET request to http://localhost:3000/ping and expect the response
'pong'.

#### Tests
To run unit tests use the command `npm test`. Mocha + Chai frameworks are used.

#### Docker
Build Image: `docker build -t examples/node-token-example .`
<br/>
Run Image: `docker run -p 3000:3000 examples/node-token-example`
